.TH "Camera" 3 "Tue Nov 1 2011" "Version 0.1" "wuparam" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Camera \- 
.PP
Contains all operations pertaining to camera data.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <Camera.h>\fP
.SS "Public Types"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "enum \fBCameraID\fP { \fBID_490\fP, \fBID_331\fP, \fBID_151\fP, \fBID_109\fP, \fBID_V500\fP, \fBID_UNKNOWN\fP }"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBCamera\fP (int npixels, Array_t &xcoords, Array_t &ycoords)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBCamera\fP (char *)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBCamera\fP (int npixels, int utdate=-1)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBinit\fP (char *)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBshiftCameraCoordinates\fP (double dx, double dy)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBgetSigmaPSF\fP (double zen)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBgetSigmaPixel\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBgetPEToDC\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBgetNumPixels\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBgetFirstPixel\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBgetLastPixel\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBgetCameraID\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "Array_t & \fBxCoords\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "Array_t & \fByCoords\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "Array_t & \fBradii\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBgetMinX\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBgetMinY\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBgetMaxX\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBgetMaxY\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "std::list< int > * \fBgetNeighborListOfPixel\fP (int n)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Static Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "static const int \fBAUTOSCALE\fP = -1"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Contains all operations pertaining to camera data. 

This includes loading the camera pixel positions from a file and building the pixel neighborlist.
.PP
\fBTodo\fP
.RS 4
: make separate classes for each camera 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 28 of file Camera.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "Camera::Camera (char *filename)"
.PP
Create a \fBCamera\fP object. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIfilename\fP filename of the camera definition file. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 28 of file Camera.cpp.
.SS "Camera::Camera (intnpixels, intutdate = \fC-1\fP)"
.PP
PFR: change year switch to year+month switch. telescope seasons are fiscal- they start in june of one year, and go until june of the next! This should only use one pe2dc ratio, but previously it used 2.
.PP
Definition at line 36 of file Camera.cpp.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "int Camera::getCameraID ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
last pixel # to use \fBCamera\fP ID number 
.PP
Definition at line 47 of file Camera.h.
.PP
Referenced by Parameterizer::printSummary().
.SS "double Camera::getSigmaPSF (doublezen)"
.PP
Point spread dispersion. Returns the estimated dispersion due to the point spread function of the camera at the given zenith angle. 
.PP
Definition at line 353 of file Camera.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by ZCutter::applyCorrections().
.SS "void Camera::shiftCameraCoordinates (doubledx, doubledy)"
.PP
translate the camera coordinates by the specified amount. This is used to fix offsets in the camera due to telescope flexing at low elevation, for example. 
.PP
Definition at line 376 of file Camera.cpp.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for wuparam from the source code.
