.TH "EZCutter" 3 "Tue Nov 1 2011" "Version 0.1" "wuparam" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
EZCutter \- 
.PP
Extended zenith cutterm Uses SuperCuts-like cuts, but with zenith angle corrections based on cos(theta) and 3rd order poly in log(SIZE).  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <EZCutter.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBSuperCutter\fP.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBapplyCorrections\fP (\fBHillasParameterization\fP &p)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetCamera\fP (int npix, int utdate)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Extended zenith cutterm Uses SuperCuts-like cuts, but with zenith angle corrections based on cos(theta) and 3rd order poly in log(SIZE). 

Good for spectral cuts. 
.PP
Definition at line 13 of file EZCutter.h.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void EZCutter::applyCorrections (\fBHillasParameterization\fP &param)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Perform zenith correction. Overrides the SuperCutter::prePass() function which is executed before cuts are applied by \fBSuperCutter::pass()\fP
.PP
\fBTodo\fP
.RS 4
: make sigma_pix and the '0.023' free optimization parameters! 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Reimplemented from \fBSuperCutter\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 40 of file EZCutter.cpp.
.PP
References HillasParameterization::centroid, Camera::getPEToDC(), HillasParameterization::length, HillasParameterization::length_over_size, HillasParameterization::max, HillasParameterization::miss, HillasParameterization::point_of_origin_a, HillasParameterization::point_of_origin_b, HillasParameterization::size, HillasParameterization::width, Coordinate_t::x, Coordinate_t::y, and HillasParameterization::zenith.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for wuparam from the source code.
