.TH "GainFinder" 3 "Tue Nov 1 2011" "Version 0.1" "wuparam" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
GainFinder \- 
.PP
Retrieve or calculate nitrogen gains, given a nitrogen run ID.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <GainFinder.h>\fP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBgetGains\fP (\fBRunInfo\fP &ri, Array_t &gains, int telescope_id=0)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetThresholds\fP (double, double, double)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Retrieve or calculate nitrogen gains, given a nitrogen run ID. 
.PP
Definition at line 14 of file GainFinder.h.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void GainFinder::getGains (\fBRunInfo\fP &ri, Array_t &gains, inttelescope_id = \fC0\fP)"
.PP
Fetch the gains for the specified nitrogen run. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIri\fP - Run information struct from \fBConfig\fP 
.br
\fIid\fP - nitrogen gain id 
.br
\fIgains\fP - uninitialized Array_t where gains will be stored
.RE
.PP
\fBTodo\fP
.RS 4
: make gains database have a code column which marks bad gains 
.PP
: implement lock file! 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 48 of file GainFinder.cpp.
.PP
References RunInfo::cachedir, PedestalFinder::getPeds(), RawDataReaderFactory::getReader(), RawDataReaderFactory::instance(), RunInfo::n2id, HeaderRecord::nadc, HeaderRecord::num_telescopes, and PedestalFinder::setTubeOffThresholds().
.SS "void GainFinder::setThresholds (doublemin, doublemax, doublepercent)"
.PP
Set gain cutoff thresholds. The default values are used if this method is not called explicitly. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fImin\fP - minimim adc value to include in gain calculation (default is 50) 
.br
\fImax\fP - maximum adc value to include in gain calculation (default 1000) 
.br
\fIpercent\fP - percent of camera above which the image is considered 'saturated' and should be ignored for gain calculations (default 0.75) 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 30 of file GainFinder.cpp.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for wuparam from the source code.
