.TH "ParamDataWriter" 3 "Tue Nov 1 2011" "Version 0.1" "wuparam" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ParamDataWriter \- 
.PP
Base class for writing HillasParameterizations to disk.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <DataWriter.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBDataWriter\fP.
.PP
Inherited by \fBParamDataWriterNtuple\fP, and \fBParamDataWriterText\fP.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBParamDataWriter\fP (const std::string &filename, bool ow=false)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBwriteHeader\fP (\fBHeaderRecord\fP &hdr)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBwriteParameterization\fP (\fBHillasParameterization\fP &param)=0"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBwriteParameterization\fP (\fBSimShowerRecord\fP &p1, \fBHillasParameterization\fP &p2)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBsize\fP ()=0"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual std::string \fBgetTypeString\fP ()=0"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Base class for writing HillasParameterizations to disk. 

Subclasses of this should implement the various file formats that can be written. 
.PP
Definition at line 41 of file DataWriter.h.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void ParamDataWriter::writeHeader (\fBHeaderRecord\fP &hdr)"
.PP
Write out header. Should be done after all NTuple rows have been written, so the number of rows is correct. 
.PP
Definition at line 140 of file DataWriter.cpp.
.PP
References HeaderRecord::average_elevation, HeaderRecord::dec, HeaderRecord::endtime, HeaderRecord::nadc, HeaderRecord::num_telescopes, HeaderRecord::ra, HeaderRecord::sourcename, and HeaderRecord::starttime.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for wuparam from the source code.
