.TH "PedestalFinder" 3 "Tue Nov 1 2011" "Version 0.1" "wuparam" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
PedestalFinder \- 
.PP
Class to generate pedestal values for a series of runs.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <PedestalFinder.h>\fP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBgetOnSourcePeds\fP (\fBRunInfo\fP &ri, std::vector< \fBPedestal\fP > &ped, int telescope_id=0)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBgetOffSourcePeds\fP (\fBRunInfo\fP &ri, std::vector< \fBPedestal\fP > &ped, int telescope_id=0)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBgetPeds\fP (\fBRunInfo\fP &ri, const std::string &id, std::vector< \fBPedestal\fP > &, int telescope_id=0)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetTubeOffThresholds\fP (double lower, double upper)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetBadPedThresh\fP (double value)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Class to generate pedestal values for a series of runs. 
.PP
Definition at line 29 of file PedestalFinder.h.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void PedestalFinder::getPeds (\fBRunInfo\fP &ri, const std::string &id, std::vector< \fBPedestal\fP > &, inttelescope_id = \fC0\fP)"
.PP
Returns the pedestal values as an array of \fBPedestal\fP structs. \fBTodo\fP
.RS 4
: Simulations only contain one pedestal record, so their dispersions are always 0. Due to this, the \fBImageCleaner\fP accepts too many pixels, since it uses the picthresh*peddisp as the threshold! Need to fix somehow...
.RE
.PP
.PP
\fBTodo\fP
.RS 4
: implement lockfiles to prevent more than one process from writing/reading to the database (necessary for the MPI-enabled or a multi-threaded version) 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 67 of file PedestalFinder.cpp.
.PP
References RunInfo::cachedir, RawDataReaderFactory::getReader(), RawDataReaderFactory::instance(), RunInfo::max_ped_events, HeaderRecord::nadc, HeaderRecord::num_telescopes, PlotMaker::plotAxes(), ProgressBar::print(), ProgressBar::printClear(), Logger::printf(), and HeaderRecord::windowsize.
.PP
Referenced by GainFinder::getGains().
.SS "void PedestalFinder::setTubeOffThresholds (doublelower, doubleupper)"
.PP
Set the thresholds to detect turned off tubes or stars. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIlower\fP threshold to detect turned off tubes (default is 0.6) 
.br
\fIupper\fP threshold to detect stars (default is 1.5) 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 46 of file PedestalFinder.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by GainFinder::getGains().

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for wuparam from the source code.
