.TH "RawDataReaderFactory" 3 "Tue Nov 1 2011" "Version 0.1" "wuparam" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
RawDataReaderFactory \- 
.PP
Responsible for locating files and creating the correct data reader object for the detected file type.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <DataReader.h>\fP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBRawDataReader\fP * \fBgetReader\fP (const \fBRunInfo\fP &ri, string runid)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "std::string \fBlocateFile\fP (const \fBRunInfo\fP &ri, const string basename, const string ext)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBclearCache\fP (std::string)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Static Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "static \fBRawDataReaderFactory\fP * \fBinstance\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Responsible for locating files and creating the correct data reader object for the detected file type. 

Implemented as a Singleton. 
.PP
Definition at line 175 of file DataReader.h.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "string RawDataReaderFactory::locateFile (const \fBRunInfo\fP &ri, const stringbasename, const stringext)"
.PP
Locate a file in a directory structure, uncompressing if needed. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIstartdir\fP directory under which to look 
.br
\fIbasename\fP base name of the file (without extensions) 
.br
\fIfile\fP extension (i.e. hdf)
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
full pathname to the located file. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 773 of file DataReader.cpp.
.PP
References RunInfo::cachedir, and RunInfo::datadir.
.PP
Referenced by getReader().

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for wuparam from the source code.
