.TH "RawDataReaderVText" 3 "Tue Nov 1 2011" "Version 0.1" "wuparam" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
RawDataReaderVText \- 
.PP
Implementation of \fBRawDataReader\fP VERITAS text data as outputed by Paul Rebillot's charge integration routines.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <DataReader.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBRawDataReader\fP.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBRawDataReaderVText\fP (const std::string &filename)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBgetHeaderRecord\fP (\fBRawHeaderRecord\fP &header)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBgetNextEventRecord\fP (\fBRawEventRecord\fP &event)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBsize\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBisDone\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "std::string \fBgetTypeString\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBgetType\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Implementation of \fBRawDataReader\fP VERITAS text data as outputed by Paul Rebillot's charge integration routines. 
.PP
Definition at line 138 of file DataReader.h.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void RawDataReaderVText::getHeaderRecord (\fBRawHeaderRecord\fP &header)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Get header record. \fBTodo\fP
.RS 4
: fill in the correct values 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implements \fBRawDataReader\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 497 of file DataReader.cpp.
.PP
References HeaderRecord::dec, HeaderRecord::nadc, HeaderRecord::num_telescopes, HeaderRecord::ra, HeaderRecord::sourcename, HeaderRecord::starttime, and HeaderRecord::windowsize.
.PP
Referenced by size().
.SS "void RawDataReaderVText::getNextEventRecord (\fBRawEventRecord\fP &event)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Returns the next \fBRawEventRecord\fP from the simulation. format is: type event_num gpstime osctime livetime elevation azimuth telescope_id adcvalues[499] 
.PP
Implements \fBRawDataReader\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 571 of file DataReader.cpp.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for wuparam from the source code.
