.TH "RawDataReaderSim" 3 "Tue Nov 1 2011" "Version 0.1" "wuparam" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
RawDataReaderSim \- 
.PP
Implementation of \fBRawDataReader\fP for simulation .tubes files.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <DataReader.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBRawDataReader\fP.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBRawDataReaderSim\fP (const std::string &filename)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBgetHeaderRecord\fP (\fBRawHeaderRecord\fP &header)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBgetNextEventRecord\fP (\fBRawEventRecord\fP &event)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBsize\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBisDone\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "std::string \fBgetTypeString\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBgetType\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBSimShowerRecord\fP \fBgetSimShowerRecord\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Implementation of \fBRawDataReader\fP for simulation .tubes files. 
.PP
Definition at line 104 of file DataReader.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "RawDataReaderSim::RawDataReaderSim (const std::string &filename)"
.PP
Open .rec input file. \fBBug\fP
.RS 4
: if file doesn't exist, doesn't always fail! 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 297 of file DataReader.cpp.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void RawDataReaderSim::getHeaderRecord (\fBRawHeaderRecord\fP &header)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Get header record. \fBTodo\fP
.RS 4
: fill in the correct values 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implements \fBRawDataReader\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 344 of file DataReader.cpp.
.PP
References HeaderRecord::dec, HeaderRecord::nadc, HeaderRecord::ra, HeaderRecord::sourcename, and HeaderRecord::starttime.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for wuparam from the source code.
