.TH "StarCatalog" 3 "Tue Nov 1 2011" "Version 0.1" "wuparam" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
StarCatalog \- 
.PP
A searchable star database.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <StarCatalog.h>\fP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBStarCatalog\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBload\fP (std::string stardbfilename)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBfindNearbyStars\fP (double, double, double, std::list< \fBStar\fP > &)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBprecessToDate\fP (int utdate)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
A searchable star database. 
.PP
Definition at line 42 of file StarCatalog.h.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void StarCatalog::findNearbyStars (double, double, double, std::list< \fBStar\fP > &)"
.PP
Produces a vector of stars that fall within a specified radius of a specified ra+dec coordinate. Also figures out the position of each star in tangential cartesian coordinates, relative to the center position for easy plotting.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIra\fP right ascension where the camera is pointing 
.br
\fIdec\fP declination where the camera is pointing 
.br
\fIr\fP radius (in degrees) around which to look for stars (should be FOV of camera) 
.br
\fInearbystars\fP empty vector of Stars which will be filled up with the results
.RE
.PP
\fBTodo\fP
.RS 4
: check that this ra and dec from the tracking computer are already precessed, or from j2000 or something. If not already precessed, they need to be. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 136 of file StarCatalog.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by Cutter::cut().
.SS "void StarCatalog::load (std::stringstardbfilename)"
.PP
Load a saved image. Load a database of stars from the specified .edb file (such as those included with XEphem. 
.PP
Definition at line 238 of file Image2D.cpp.
.PP
References Image2D::setCoordinateBox().
.SS "void StarCatalog::precessToDate (intutdate)"
.PP
Precess star catalog to the current epoch. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIutdate\fP for example '020506' for May 6, 2002
.RE
.PP
\fBTodo\fP
.RS 4
: Should check this - it looks like stars are moving too much over the course of a year or so, so it's possible this is not working exactly right. However, it's pretty close. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 189 of file StarCatalog.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by Cutter::cut().

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for wuparam from the source code.
