.TH "SuperCutter" 3 "Tue Nov 1 2011" "Version 0.1" "wuparam" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
SuperCutter \- 
.PP
Applies SuperCuts to a given \fBHillasParameterization\fP.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <SuperCutter.h>\fP
.PP
Inherited by \fBEZCutter\fP, \fBSpectralCutter\fP, and \fBZCutter\fP.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetCuts\fP (\fBCutInfo\fP &cuts)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBapplyCorrections\fP (\fBHillasParameterization\fP &param)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBpass\fP (\fBHillasParameterization\fP &param, int cutmask)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual bool \fBpassSize\fP (\fBHillasParameterization\fP &param)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual bool \fBpassMax\fP (\fBHillasParameterization\fP &param)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual bool \fBpassFrac\fP (\fBHillasParameterization\fP &param)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual bool \fBpassLensize\fP (\fBHillasParameterization\fP &param)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual bool \fBpassLength\fP (\fBHillasParameterization\fP &param)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual bool \fBpassWidth\fP (\fBHillasParameterization\fP &param)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual bool \fBpassDistance\fP (\fBHillasParameterization\fP &param)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual bool \fBpassAlpha\fP (\fBHillasParameterization\fP &param)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual bool \fBpassAsymm\fP (\fBHillasParameterization\fP &param)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBCutInfo\fP \fB_cuts\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Applies SuperCuts to a given \fBHillasParameterization\fP. 

To use, first call setCuts() to supply the cuts to use, then you can check if an event passed by calling the \fBpass()\fP function with appropriate mask (ALL_CUTS will apply all cuts, or you can choose a list of cuts such as SIZE|FRAC|MAX|DISTANCE. 
.PP
Definition at line 50 of file SuperCutter.h.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void SuperCutter::applyCorrections (\fBHillasParameterization\fP &param)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Apply a filter to the parameters. Should always be run before the actual cutting occurs. Modifies param. 
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBEZCutter\fP, and \fBZCutter\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 87 of file SuperCutter.cpp.
.PP
References HillasParameterization::centroid, CutInfo::elongation, HillasParameterization::point_of_origin_a, HillasParameterization::point_of_origin_b, Coordinate_t::x, and Coordinate_t::y.
.PP
Referenced by Cutter::cut().
.SS "bool SuperCutter::pass (\fBHillasParameterization\fP &param, intcutmask)"
.PP
Checks the parameterization of an event to see if it passes cuts. Subclasses of this can override the protected methods to re-implement different cut types. Also, the prePass() and postPass() functions can be re-implemented to allow for special manipulations. As a rule, no \fBSuperCutter\fP shuold modify the passed in parameters (even though they are passed by reference, which is done for speed).
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIparam\fP set of hillas parameters to check 
.br
\fIcutmask\fP bitmask of Cuts::CutMask values 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
true if param passwd all cuts specified in cutmast.
.RE
.PP
\fBTodo\fP
.RS 4
: right now, prePass occurs every time a cut is specified. That means it gets redone several times for each event! This shuold be done more efficiently without making it more confusing. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 28 of file SuperCutter.cpp.
.PP
References ImageParameterization::invalid.
.PP
Referenced by Cutter::cut().

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for wuparam from the source code.
