.TH "WUArray" 3 "Tue Nov 1 2011" "Version 0.1" "wuparam" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
WUArray \- 
.PP
Function prototypes and globals for wuarray.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Enumerations"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "enum \fBRunType\fP { \fBTRACK\fP, \fBON\fP, \fBOFF\fP }"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBshowUsage\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBgetCommandLineOptions\fP (int argc, char **argv)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBshutdown\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBtrap_ctrl_c\fP (int)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBprocess\fP (\fBRunInfo\fP &ri)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBanalyzeRun\fP (\fBRunInfo\fP &ri, \fBRunType\fP runtype)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Variables"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBPlotMaker\fP * \fBpm\fP = NULL"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Function prototypes and globals for wuarray. 

I put these in their own namespace so they don't conflict with functions in wuparam, wucut, etc. 
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void WUArray::analyzeRun (\fBRunInfo\fP &ri, \fBWUArray::RunType\fPruntype)"
.PP
Analyze a single run. This is called by process. Right now, it just reads the data and demonstrates some simple things you can do.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIri\fP the full run-info struct 
.br
\fIruntype\fP - should be process the on, off, or tracking run? These cases may be treated separately. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 218 of file wuarray.cpp.
.PP
References Image2D::addHistRadially(), HillasParameterization::alpha, RunInfo::arrayconfig, ParamDataReader::getHeaderRecord(), Camera::getNumPixels(), Histogram::increment(), HeaderRecord::nadc, HeaderRecord::num_telescopes, RunInfo::offid, RunInfo::onid, PlotMaker::plotAxes(), HillasParameterization::point_of_origin_a, Image2D::save(), Image2D::setCoordinateBox(), HeaderRecord::sourcename, RunInfo::utdate, Coordinate_t::x, and Coordinate_t::y.
.PP
Referenced by process().
.SS "void WUArray::getCommandLineOptions (intargc, char **argv)"
.PP
This specifies and processes the various command-line options. See the getopt manpage for more information (type 'man 3 getopt' to see the C documentation, which is in manual section 3). 
.PP
Definition at line 421 of file wuarray.cpp.
.SS "void WUArray::process (\fBRunInfo\fP &ri)"
.PP
Process a single run. This is called for each run in the config file. 
.PP
Definition at line 182 of file wuarray.cpp.
.PP
References analyzeRun(), RunInfo::offid, RunInfo::onid, and RunInfo::type.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for wuparam from the source code.
