.TH "ZCutter" 3 "Tue Nov 1 2011" "Version 0.1" "wuparam" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ZCutter \- 
.PP
Originial zenith cutter, from ZCuts99.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <ZCutter.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBSuperCutter\fP.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBapplyCorrections\fP (\fBHillasParameterization\fP &p)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetCamera\fP (int npix, int utdate)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Originial zenith cutter, from ZCuts99. 

Uses SuperCuts-like cuts, but with zenith angle corrections based on cos(theta). 
.PP
Definition at line 12 of file ZCutter.h.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void ZCutter::applyCorrections (\fBHillasParameterization\fP &param)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Perform zenith correction. Overrides the SuperCutter::prePass() function which is executed before cuts are applied by \fBSuperCutter::pass()\fP
.PP
\fBTodo\fP
.RS 4
: make sigma_pix and the '0.023' free optimization parameters! 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Reimplemented from \fBSuperCutter\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 40 of file ZCutter.cpp.
.PP
References HillasParameterization::centroid, HillasParameterization::distance, CutInfo::elongation, Camera::getPEToDC(), Camera::getSigmaPixel(), Camera::getSigmaPSF(), HillasParameterization::length, HillasParameterization::length_over_size, HillasParameterization::max, HillasParameterization::miss, HillasParameterization::point_of_origin_a, HillasParameterization::point_of_origin_b, HillasParameterization::size, HillasParameterization::width, Coordinate_t::x, Coordinate_t::y, and HillasParameterization::zenith.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for wuparam from the source code.
